[scoped-custom-element-registry] Adds `shadowRoot.createElementNS` (#582)
webcomponents/polyfills: packages/scoped-custom-element-registry/CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - shadowRoot.createElementNS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for ShadowRoot.prototype.createElementNS()
```

> - registry in ShadowRootInit; matches current proposal but customElements

Reviewer: Just some cleanup suggestions from previous PRs:

```suggestion
- Added the `registry` property to ShadowRootInit to match current proposal. `customElements`
```
